[chorus]
You ain't gotta lie to kick it,
You ain't gotta lie to kick it,
You ain't gotta lie to kick it to be with me,
You ain't gotta lie to kick it,
You ain't gotta lie to kick it, whats it gonna be, its gonna be you 
ain't gotta lie to me [2X]

[Verse 1]
[Silkk]

Now you ain't gotta lie to me, or try to be somethin you ain't, well 
obviously, you tryin to be me, but you can't, niggas wanna be local, cuz 
some regional stars, type of nigga that got a little somethin, but guess 
what nigga lease on his car, watch out for these bustas, or should I say 
fake phonies, type of nigga that buy a Timex, put a Rolex face on it, I 
see niggas be talkin to me, but I can't do nothin bout what he's sayin, 
type of nigga don't get a beep all day but act a fool when uhh he 
finally get page, nigga walk around stuntin, on a cellular phone, when I 
ask to use it why the battery low, cuz it's always on roam, now see 
this, or should I say peep this, type of nigga that get a Benz wanna 
change the sign from a 3 to a 6, now ain't that funny, or should I say 
ain't that nothin, shit where the hummer, where the money, shit where 
the 600, type of nigga that buy dope for shit, an sell it cheaper then 
what he got it, wanna admit everbody in the story an everybody he be 
knowin, where the mills at, where the house on the hill at, nigga kill 
that, on the real black shit where the record deal
at, shit lookin like you stole somethin, shit you owe somethin, look 
everytime I see you talkin bout Silkk let me hold somethin, see don't 
compare shit how I spit, but guess what if the shoe fit, go ahead, cuz 
you ain't gotta lie to kick it. (That's real bitch)

[Chorus 2X]

[Verse 2]
[Mia X]

See I saw clean through that ass since day one uno, the main bitch to 
flaunt show, but ain't got pocket piss an no window, to throw it out, to 
talk about this one an that one, pinnochio sister let me paint a clearer 
picture, she once went around sayin she was engaged, she even had a lil 
ring, said her nigga did his thang, come to find out she traded her 
necklace an payed the difference, then gave your boy credit knowin she 
struggles tryin to get it, sports fake designer bags, brags on her 
clothin price tags, sayin she got em from her man, but bitch credit card 
scams, got a Lexus key chain, on her cabinet car key, talkin bout she 
had a 420, bitch you tryin to be me, tellin everybody how nice her crib 
is, but every week she split out then back at her hoes house, I can't 
stand this type of bitch cussin off nothin why try, we can never kick it 
or be down but you still ain't gotta lie.

[Chorus 2X]

[Verse 3]
[Big Ed]

Now you say you got hoes, yeah there be holes in yo socks, you say you 
got dollas, but 10 ones make you not, wit the hundred on top, these 
bustas gotta stop, you said you bowl for bricks to dime rocks an 
payrolls got judgement on cops, where you 93 Benz, man this is a shock, 
first it was a four door big body now its a 2 door drop top, tell the 
truth bro, did you eat that strip of ???, nah, havin dinner in bed, tie 
you up an pop it in yo mouth, say you get the down an, have em yellin an 
screamin but you told my tank dawg nigga that you was straight on the 
drownin, bout to be down ass nigga, I mean clown ass nigga, wanna hang 
wit down ass niggas wit big nuts, an big triggas, figga, how many 
rappers, frontin in this hip-hop game, straight up by sections playin it 
straight like it ain't no thang, (word) my claim to fame, is Big Ed be 
puttin it down like that, messin wit the hoe games on the realer, 
assasin said.

[Chorus 2X]

[Silkk]
Niggas be flossin, if you see these niggas around yo block, or you see 
these bitches around yo block, actin like they have all this, tell em 
what they lyin for, I don't see none of it, I see you talkin bout you 
got all these cars but why you catchin the bus? You have all this money, 
why you askin me for money?